Come back and this lesson let's do some replacing of the word that we've got up there so we don't actually
have to have too.
We're going to use the input that we used before.
So the my string value and instead of guess or even to say please and we're going to use the string
method in order to replace the contents that we've got up here.
So we're going to replace javascript whatever word We've got within this input.
And this one we can just call that are heading.
So that will basically replace the heading.
So let's set up a function.
So our heading.
You don't need to pass any promotors and we're just going to use the javascript method.
We need to grab the value of my string.
So we just give it a value of m and document get element by Id grab the object my string or the element
string place it into the object and we need to also add value.
So you can actually get the value.
So now we've got a string value of whatever was added into the input field.
So the next to that we need to do is we need to update.
So what's let's set up another variable so this one I'm going to call C and in this case what we're
going to be doing is we're grabbing whatever is contained within message
and inner.
So make sure that we grab that inner text that's contained within message.
So this is our string.
And now let's update it.
So we want to grab C and we're going to rewrite C so we've got our C value and now let's replace that
value that's within C with whatever value was passed in with an M.
So replace requires two parameters there and the parameters that we require.
The first one is going to be what we're replacing.
So we're replacing the word javascript and the value or the string that we're going to replace javascript
with and that one is contained within an.
So there we go.
So now we've rewritten that message and now we can update it so we can do message and her text and we
can simply equal that to see.
So let's try to say it go back it refreshed the page and let us type in something there.
Hit replace and we can see that we were able to replace the content there in the heading.
So we can also type in whatever we want and hit replace
and we notice that it's not firing off again.
So it's not actually updating it.
We can add it in.
So but if we go back and if we refresh it and if we type in a value then it works solely works the one
time and it's not working.
The second time.
So now it's time to do a little bit of debugging.
So we're going to use console within the debugging.
And we want to make sure that we're actually logging out something and let's let's do this.
So let's do a console and we'll do see so we can make sure that we're actually grabbing that inner tax.
So go back out refreshed and type in a value so test.
So we're grabbing it.
We click it again.
We're grabbing it.
So let's let's see if we get that updated value.
So we see that right now what's happening is that it's still grabbing that value.
But for some reason it's not doing the Replace of C so it's not replacing C with Javascript.
So do you know why that is.
And if you said that well this particular string this is no longer javascript this now says test.
You're correct.
So basically because we've updated javascript we're trying to replace.
And we're looking for this character string of Javascript.
So what I want you to do now is fix the problem.
So write some javascript in order to fix this problem that we're having that we're no longer able to
update this parameter even though we want to update this and we don't want to update anything else.
And we're updating it with whatever that input is here.
So go ahead.
Pause the video and I'll show you the solution.
Coming up so if you had an opportunity to try that.
And there are a number of ways that you can do this and you can accomplish this.
So the probably the easiest way to do this is to create a variable and this variable so global variable.
And now we know that we're replacing it with the value that's contained within m.
So let's do holder equals M
and next we know that if we place it before the replacement then we're simply overwriting the value
of AMZ we need to place it afterwards.
And that basically means that we need to put our default value within holder.
So right off right in the beginning and now we know that we can use holder in place of it.
And when the function runs through that the value of Holga is actually going to change to whatever the
current value of m is.
And that we've actually replaced our string.
So let's go back out and try this out.
So complete javascript.
Let's do a test replace.
And now let's do something else.
So learning replace and test again.
Test test and we can see now because of the fact that we're using variables and we're actually holding
values globally.
We know that every time we're running through this function we can simply call back to this value and
we can do the replacement of that content.
And there were a number of other solutions as well.
So you could have as well grabbed the current value here.
You could have cut it off you could it cut it off at the first space and then grab the last space and
then update it replaced the substring there with the current string.
So that would have taken a little bit more time but you could have done it that way as well.
And that would have been cracked as well.
So even though there is a number of ways to accomplish the task we always try to look for the simplest
and easiest solution to implement to accomplish our goals using javascript.